Create rule S7435: Processing persistent unique identifiers is security-sensitive (#4776)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7435/message.adoc

=== Message

> - Using Advertising ID put user privacy at risk. Make sure it is safe here.
> - Using non-resettable persistant identifier put user privacy at risk. Make sure it is safe here.
> - Using phone numbers put user privacy at risk. Make sure it is safe here.
> - Using hardware identifiers put user privacy at risk. Make sure it is safe here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using Advertising ID puts user privacy at risk. Make sure it is safe here.
- Using a non-resettable persistent identifier puts user privacy at risk. Make sure it is safe here.
- Using a phone number puts user privacy at risk. Make sure it is safe here.
- Using a hardware identifier puts user privacy at risk. Make sure it is safe here.
```
